This folder is split into several sections:
  1. The two coverage reports (one for evosuite and one for
  RandomTestDominion) are both labeled and in the Coverage folder in html format. Open them with Google Chrome or 
  other web browser.
  
  2. The Non-Evo folder contains the files needed to recreated my Maven Project folder that does not use the 
  EvoSuite tests. Inside the Non-Evo folder is the pom.xml needed for a Maven Project that does not use EvoSuite.
  In the src folder inside the Non-Evo folder are two more folders, test and main. The test folder contains all of
  the unit tests, including RandomTestDominion.java, while the main folder contains all of the Dominion source
  code that they work with. 
  
  3. The pom.xml located inside the Assignment-Two folder is for the Maven Project that uses EvoSuite. Inside
  the src folder in the Assignment Two folder you will find two more folders, test and main. The test folder 
  contains all of the tests generated by EvoSuite, while the main folder contains all of the Dominion Source code
  that they run with. 
  
  
  In order to test the EvoSuite generated tests:
    Create a Maven Project for Dominion using the instructions from 9th Powerpoint (on Java Unit Testing Tools).
    
    Replace the pom.xml in your project with the pom.xml from the Assignment Two folder, you may need to change 
    some of the pom.xml to have the correct name/groupId/ArtifactID etc for your project.
    
    Copy all of the files from the src/main folder inside the Assignment Two folder into the default package
    of the Dominion project, such as Dominion\src\main\java\org\cs362\dominion
    
    Copy all of the files from the src/test folder inside the Assignment Two folder into the test\java folder
    of the Dominion project, such as Dominion\src\test\java\
    
    You should now be able to use Command Prompt to navigate to the Project folder (the one with the pom.xml inside it)
    and type "mvn compile" and then "mvn test", or "mvn cobertura:cobertura" if you wish to generate a code 
    coverage report. The report would be located inside the \target\site\cobertura folder as index.html
    
 In order to test the RandomTestDominion:
    Create a Maven Project for Dominion using the instructions from 9th Powerpoint (on Java Unit Testing Tools).
    
    Replace the pom.xml in your project with the pom.xml from the Assignment Two\Non-Evo folder, you may need to change 
    some of the pom.xml to have the correct name/groupId/ArtifactID etc for your project.
    
    Copy all of the files from the src/main folder inside the Assignment Two\Non-Evo folder into the default package
    of the Dominion project, such as Dominion\src\main\java\org\cs362\dominion
    
    Copy all of the files from the src/test folder inside the Assignment Two\Non-Evo folder into the test\java folder
    of the Dominion project, such as Dominion\src\test\java\
    
    You should now be able to use Command Prompt to navigate to the Project folder (the one with the pom.xml inside it)
    and type "mvn compile" and then "mvn test", or "mvn cobertura:cobertura" if you wish to generate a code 
    coverage report. The report would be located inside the \target\site\cobertura folder as index.html

